sql: properly check result of decimal parsing (#9470)
tarantool/tarantool: changelogs/unreleased/gh-9469-too-big-decimal.md

## bugfix/sql

> * Fixed a crash when a decimal literal represented a decimal number greater
>   than or equal to 10^38 is parsed in SQL (gh-9469).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed a crash when a decimal literal representing a decimal number greater
  than or equal to 10^38 was parsed in SQL (gh-9469).
```

Author: Thanks, fixed.
